>> Bianca: Our challenge was to
rewrite this function in ES6.
Step one, would be to identify
what feature exists that
isn't available in ES6, and
that is this default parameter.
So we have to work with what we've got.
>> Bianca: And the most common way, my
goodness, look at all of this craziness.
The most common way,
okay, let's move over.
The most common way to
do this is to simply,
it's all kinds of weird.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
Is to say b equals b, all right, so
if b has value, great or what was it?
Two?
Yeah, that's how
we did it before.
Any questions?
>> Bianca: Has anyone done
this before in their code?
Yeah?
Raise your hand if you have.
A couple people about half of us, yeah.
So what this is is the OR operator.
So this will only evaluate
one side if it's true.
So it'll say, if this is true, it'll
just stop, and it'll just return, great.
For the AND operator, this is good for
if you wanted to check if something
is true, then do the second thing.
So this one says,
if the exists then the values two.
So it's kind of a little bit
unusual way of using these
logic operators as a way to kind of do
if-else kind of statements in one line.
But that's the most common one,
just like that.
Cool, have you guys seen things like this?
>> Bianca: We're using the if and the and.